The Joe Rogan experience.
What was it like fighting Connor when he wasn't an
was that.
Dude, you know, fighting is hectic already.
You're about to go in there for 25 minutes and you've been training. So,
you know, what's on the line. So it's just a lot of pressure. So, uh,
just it being a little bit more calm for me was, was, was smooth sailing, man.
You know? Cause it's already hectic enough. I say the same thing about the fans.
Like when I fought at the apex, it was nice, you know? Cause like I said,
fighting is crazy. So without having guys spilling beer yelling,
you're going to die, you know,
we're on the way to the walk is isn't it it's relaxing to me. Yeah. Yeah.
So it's just makes it, makes it smooth sailor.
So it's not good for him. It's really better for him to be an, to be an
But it seemed so odd. It's just like,
he just decided that he respected you and just.
But he did the same thing with cowboy.
I thought like maybe this is him just maturing and he's got a few kids now.
I think he has one on or he does have one on the way.
Like maybe it's just maturing and he's a different, you know, we all change.
Maybe he's a different person, but yeah.
Could be.
But I think also the amount of that he
caused in the Khabib fight me realizing at the end of it,
what had happened, dudes jumped into the cage and beat his guys were jumping.
I mean it could be jumped out of the cage,
got a fight with Dylan Dannis it's chaos. I mean, it was so nuts.
Yeah. And then,
you know what had happened before that with him throwing the card at the bus and
you know, fights got canceled cause broken glass key ESSA got caught.
I think a couple of other guys got cut with, with,
with the glass that was flying. It's like he had done so much and up so much.
Throwing energy cans at press conferences member. Oh that's right.
That's right. Yeah. But that was kind of like minor compared.
To compare us cutting people with broken glass and it was yeah. But the.
Um, the Cassidy causes so much,
but that had also been a part of what sold fights. Yeah.
Like con like the Josie Aldo fight. He tortured Josie Aldo for months.
Remember they did that crazy press conference where they toured all over the
world. I mean rip the picture and stole his belt. It's my belt.
And by the time they got into the cage, Josie Halsa was frayed. Right.
I wouldn't know. Afraid. Just over-thought yeah. Oh, you know, in his own head.
In his own head. Yeah. He seemed compared to what I would I'd seen from,
although in the past he seemed much more nervous and much more aware of the
magnitude of the moment. And Connor seemed so relaxed.
I felt that same thing though. The first time I fought Connor,
I felt like that when the bell rang, I was like a deer in the headlights.
It's happening. Here we go. All this, you know,
all that talk and everything over the months just sat in my head and uh,
I just read into it too much thought too much.
And I think that's probably what happened with Alto. Dad.
Is with talking can do to a person.
Right. It's the art of war, man. I mean, yeah. Fighting is, is,
is mental, you know, as much as it is physical, I believe.
Well there's so much mental involved. I mean, it's for sure physical,
but it's also look it's mental just to get yourself through training camp,
right?
Yeah. To cut weight, to show up, to do interview after interview,
press conference, after the press conference, you know.
Does that to do while you getting ready for a fight while you're cutting weight,
it's doing these interviews and they're boring questions.
Same question over and over. What's different between uh,
this Dustin and Dustin six years ago when Connor beat you.
Like if I heard that question a thousand times, um,
it just gets redundant as aggravating, you know,
before you even sit down and do the interview, you know the questions you,
and it's just going through the motions. I just,
some are fun though. Some, some interviewers are good and change it up.
And then it's a fun conversation. But most of them it's the same thing.
How was camp? How are you feeling? What's different between this Dustin and.
Well, how much of that stuff sells a fight either. I really don't.
I feel like you should cut it off about two weeks out.
I feel like you can get two interviews in before and then the last two weeks,
just leave the fighters alone. Leave them alone. Just let them.
Again, only do the big ones, like an ESPN sports dinner interview or just the.
Big ones. Just a quick one. We'll cut.
Out all the media, MMA media. Like.
How many hours of that do you have to do in a week.
For this Connor? This last counter one.
I was stuck in the hotel on fight island. So it was all mostly from my computer.
I would say over that whole fight week, um,
three hours maybe total.
Nah, that's not too bad. Yeah.
What'd you think of Connor pulling up to the fight island and a yacht.
That's baller, man. I was mad. I'm like, I want a.
I do. But she don't,
you know that that seems like you have to have so much more money than the
yacht cost to enjoy the yacht. You know what I mean?
It looked like it looked like a big one, but if you have a yacht,
this is my thought. Like if you, if you have a yacht and the yacht is worth,
whatever a yachts were, it was a yacht costs. 10 million bucks. Okay.
Let's say 10 million. That one probably more, probably more.
Let's say 20 million bucks.
Let's see you got a $20 million yacht for you to not be sweating. That yacht,
you better have a hundred million. Right. You know, you gotta like,
how much does it cost to gas up? How much does it cost?
How much does the pilot cost? How much did the captain, what does, uh,
what do I do on for repairs.
Those big yachts have to have a crew. I think you're year round. Yeah.
All year round. All year round. So you're paying a staff salary.
We live on it. It's their house. You just go and sit in every now and then.
And I heard there's a big docking fee as well. So wherever the boat stays,
you paint a big docking fee.
So you thinking about all that while you're about to fight,
that seems like more money, more.
Problems. He's got that whiskey money, man. He's all right.
He does have that whiskey.
That is a different thing. I get that whiskey money, whiskey money.
The thing I'm building it up, man. I got the hot sauce money coming in.
I'll pull up on like a bass boat. Next time.